{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f2\fnil\fprq2\fcharset2 Wingdings;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red192\green0\blue0;\red148\green54\blue52;\red5\green99\blue193;\red131\green60\blue11;\red0\green0\blue204;}
{\*\listtable 
{\list\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx360}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'01\'B7;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\jclisttab\tx360}\listid1 }}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\cf1\ul\b\f0\fs24 CS311  Yoshii - Homework 1 Part 1 Getting Started (based on Notes-2A) \par
Topics:  Stack application  \cf2 Where you type is always in black!!!!!\par
\cf1\ulnone\par
Due:  \highlight3 Wed. 2/5/2020 before 11:45pm\highlight0  to cougar courses\par
\par
Total: 18 points\par
\ul\par
\cf0 Your  Name: Brian Perez\par
\ulnone\par
\ul Date Submitted: \tab\tab\tab (2/5/20)\cf1\par
\cf0\par
\cf1 For all HW for CS311 [2pts]_______________\tab Your score is:\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\cf4\ulnone YOU MUST test your program on empress with g++.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}KEEP all files for each HW within the corresponding forHW directory.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}Always read \cf2 @@read-me\cf4  first and use the corresponding \cf2 Visualizer\cf4  before you begin.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}TEST RESULTS MUST \cf2 (.txt file\cf4 ) include the lines for \ul compiling\ulnone  your files or 0 points for the program. (\ul Even if it does not compile!)\ulnone\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}YOU MUST answer the State of the Program questions honestly or you will lose the points.\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf0 Q0) [2pts] Do you understand the above requirements? yes\par
\par
\cf1\ul Program: Write a  stack application program to evaluate post-fix expressions.\par
[4+12=16pts]   \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab    Your score is:\par

\pard\brdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp80 \brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \brdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp80 \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \widctlpar\ulnone Header:\par
Implementation:\par
Client:\par
Test results:\par
\ul Total 12 points:\par
Qs 4 points:\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf5\ulnone\f1\fs20\par
\cf0\f0\fs22 Q1) Preparation Qs[2pts]:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360 What data structure do you plan to use \endash  \ul integer\ulnone  stack or \ul character\ulnone  stack?\cf1   \cf0 <integer stack>\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Why?\cf1  \cf0 Be specific\cf1 . \cf0 <we are working with integer arithmetic>\par

\pard\widctlpar Q2)\cf1  \cf0 State of the Program Statement [2pts]:\cf1  \highlight3 Must always answer!!!\cf0\highlight0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360 Does your program compile without errors? If not, describe. <yes>\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}List any run-time bugs you are aware of, or state \ldblquote No bugs\rdblquote : <no bugs>\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf2\fs24\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\cf4 Make sure you have already used {\highlight3{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://cgi.csusm.edu/ryoshii/MyVisualizers/stack.html" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf6\ul the Stack Visualizer}}}}\f0\fs24 . (link)\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf7 Complete my \cf2\highlight3\ul stack.h\highlight0  \cf7 and\cf0  \cf2\highlight3 stack.cpp\cf7\highlight0\ulnone .\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Compile the stack class first and test it with \ul my \cf2 stacktest.cpp\cf7\ulnone  (unchaged) thoroughly.\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf2\par
\cf7\ul Required Test Cases (MUST TEST IN THIS ORDER): \f2\'e8\f0  \cf2\highlight3 Test1\cf7\highlight0\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\tx360\ulnone 1. display the stack\par
2. push 1,2,3,4\par
3. display the top element\par
4. pop \par
3. display the top element\par
5. display the stack \par
6. clear the stack \par
7. display the stack \par
\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf2\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360\cf4 Then, \ul run my solution program\ulnone  first to study the correct output from the client. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\cf7 Complete \cf2\highlight3\ul client1.cpp\cf7\highlight0  :\ulnone  The user will enter a post-fix expression of the form:\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360 34+    \tab\tab\tab which means 3+4\par
345+*\tab\tab\tab which means 3*(4+5)\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\tx5040 722+-                                which means 7-(2+2)\par

\pard\widctlpar\ul as a string.\ulnone   Operators are +, -, and *. \ul Single digit numbers only. No blanks.\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\ulnone You may assume that no expression will be longer than 12 characters. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Since each element of the string is a character, you will need to convert it to an integer to perform arithmetic operations.\par

\pard\widctlpar Your program will display the evaluated result (a number) and/or an error message describing what is wrong.  Make the user interface nice!\par
\par
\cf5\ul Required Test Cases (MUST TEST IN THIS ORDER): \f2\'e8\f0  \cf2\highlight3 Test2\cf5\highlight0\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\ulnone 34+    \tab\tab\tab which means 3+4\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}345+*\tab\tab\tab which means 3*(4+5)\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}722+-                          which means 7-(2+2)\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}34+56++                     which means (3+4)+(5+6)\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}12+34*45+-+              which means (1+2) + ((3*4) - (4+5))\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}1234567891234          expression too long\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}+                                  too few operands\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}3+                                too few operands\par
{\pntext\f0 9.\tab}3#                                invalid element\par
{\pntext\f0 10.\tab}2345+                          incomplete expression\par

\pard\widctlpar NOTE: Do you think I have listed all possible cases?  Always ask yourself if there are other cases you should test to make sure your program is bug free.\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\tx4680\cf8\ul SUBMIT THESE 6\highlight3  FILES\highlight0  TO COUGAR COURSES: \ulnone\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf4\ul Always make sure the files you submit can be opened on a PC and be edited\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0 1.\tab}\jclisttab\tx360\ls1\fi-360\li720\cf2\highlight3\ulnone This file\cf8\highlight0  with your answers inserted\par
{\listtext\f0 2.\tab}Program \par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0\u10625?\tab}\jclisttab\tx360\ls1\ilvl1\fi-360\li1440\cf2\highlight3 Stack.h\cf8\highlight0  \tab Header file with good comments.\par
{\listtext\f0 1\tab}\cf2\highlight3 Stack.cpp\cf8\highlight0  \tab Implementation file with good comments.\par
{\listtext\f0 2\tab}\cf2\highlight3 Client1.cpp\cf8\highlight0\tab Client program with good comments.\par
{\listtext\f0 3\tab}\cf2\highlight3 Test1\cf8\highlight0  \tab Screenshots or paste of result of compiling & executing your program on \ul empress.csusm.edu\ulnone  for the required test cases. \par
{\listtext\f0 4\tab}\cf2\highlight3 Test2\cf8\highlight0\tab Screenshots or paste of compiling & executing your program on \ul empress.csusm.edu\ulnone  for the required test cases. (Submit even if it does not compile).\par
{\listtext\f0 5\tab}\par

\pard\widctlpar CHECK LIST before you submit:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\cf4 Did you check your comments and style against CS311 How To Comment.doc??  You must have completed all ** comments.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Did you answer all the questions on this sheet?\par
}
 